Advice for designing:-

1. As we have define our Projects scope and deliverables we are good to advanced in our next step.

2. Inspiration:-
Explore "Railway Information and annoucement" related website, both current and timeless to grab good design and trends.

3. Wireframe and sketching:-
As we know about our deliverables and inspirations from other website it is mandatory to drow a rough sktech of our website. 
Because everything after this step needed how our website is going to look.
So draw rough sketches to branistrom our layout and content placement. 
Create wireframe to outline the basic structure and flow of your design.

4. Must know design principles like balance, contrast, alignment and consistency. We must ensure that content is readble. It's our top priority.

5. Color Palette:- 
a) Primary colors:- This colors are used for most primary things like header, blog or main some cards, which provides some sense of trust and reliablity. 
ex. Dark Blue(#003366)

b) Secondary colors:- This colors are used for small elements like buttons and interactive elements to create contrast and draw attention. ex. (light blue #66ccff)

White (#fff) for background elements to ensure readablity and clean look.

c) Accent colors:- 
Yellow(#ffd700) for important announcement, alerts or call-to-action buttons to capture attention

d) Neutrals:-
Light gray(#f0f0f0) for text contnet backgrond to maintain readablity and reduce visual strain
Dark gray(#333333) used for text to create contrast with the white background


6. Typography:- 

a) Headings: 
heading: 36px
sub-heading: 28px
small-heading: 24px
-> font-weight: bold

b) Body text: 16px
-> font-weight: regular

c) Buttons: 16px
-> font-weight: regular

Maintain a line height of 1.5 for body text to improve readablity

Use consistent spacing, such as 1.5times the font size, between paragraphs and headers for clear sepration

7) Responsive breakpoints:

Desktop(large screen) -> widht > 1200px
Laptop/Tablet -> 768px < width < 1200px
Mobile -> width < 768px

!! We must foucs more upon mobile devices. 


Besides for this there are things to remember while desiging:-
1. Clear and User-friendly navigation menu to find any information easily
2. Keyboard navigation for more accessibility (like when someone press esc any open dialog block must close, etc...)
3. Icons to enhance visual communication such as alert icons

